Drop 'Enabling cpu compatibility enforcement' (#762)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/virtual_machines/virtual_hardware.md

        claimName: myclaim
```

#### Labeling nodes with cpu models and cpu features

> KubeVirt takes VM cpu model and features to create node selectors out of them. With
> the node selectors, VM can be scheduled on the nodes which can support VM cpu model
> and features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KubeVirt can create node selectors based on VM cpu models and features. With
these node selectors, VMs will be scheduled on the nodes that support the matching VM cpu model
and features.
```

Author: Done. Now it is much better :+1:
